LinkedIn Summary (02/22/20)

I'm passionate about building software tools and using data to tell stories.

I was one of those kids who never had a consistent answer when asked what I wanted to be when I grew up. I didn't have a specific career in mind when I started down the liberal arts path in college, but rather I saw it as a lens I could use to make sense of all of the different interests I could see myself pursuing.

This curiosity led me to the non-profit field where I was able to live and work all over the world with diverse groups of people. It was as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Swaziland where I saw firsthand the power of personal relationships, but also the challenges that arise as the scale of a project grows. These challenges were taken to another level still at Resurge International where I was part of the medical services team serving thousands of patients in ten countries annually. As my role became increasingly focused on monitoring and evaluation, it became clear new techniques and tools were needed to make sense of the growing amounts and types of data.

The sense of accomplishment I experienced after taking my first computer science class in 2016 was like nothing I had ever experienced and I've been driven by that feeling ever since. These first classes on C++, Java, SQL, and Assembly provided a strong foundation, and since then I've completed online courses in Python, Swift, Git, HTML, CSS, and others.

In my current data analytics and business intelligence-focused role at Destination America I've led the complete redesign of monitoring and evaluation processes, including the creation of a Power BI dashboard allowing for several new dimensions of detail and flexibility not possible before. I feel my diverse background helps me make sense of all of this data not only by leading me to what questions to ask but also providing the technical skills necessary to implement the solution. 

I pride myself on my diverse work and life experience. While not having the typical background for some of these positions may have been an obstacle at first, I believe my work ethic is stronger because of it. I enter these new opportunities with an open mind, excited to learn something new while bringing a unique perspective to the table.